Twitter.com

1 Who is the key user? This isn't always clear, especially in marketplace sites, so take your best guess.

The key users seems to be people who want to know what's going on around the world, or around the "Twitterverse" I guess. 

2 What is that user's number one critical goal when using the site? Be as specific as possible if there are multiple options here, e.g. "to purchase a red wagon" instead of "buy a toy".

Quickly finding out what's going on within their interests.

3 What is likely to make that user's experience particularly positive (i.e. provide good satisfaction)?

It's similar to Tumblr, that shows a number of tweets on after another with varying content. Scrolling down further will also load more tweets. This will probably help the user out by having a similar theme to most social media websites.

4 What is the approximate information architecture of the site? (sketch it out)

Header with logo, and some text asking what's happening. Banner has a log in and sign up button. Nav bar below that with a search form to look for more topics  and such. And then content. Pretty basic.

5 What is the flow through that architecture for the user who is accomplishing the critical goal you identified above?

The flow is kind of  confusing to be honest. I see the nav bar first, and then click around for the topics, but then I won't see the search afterwards. 

6 What style(s) of navigation is/are used? Do they answer the key questions (Where am I and how did I get here? Where should I go next and how do I get there?)?

Upon clicking the search bar, the categoies disappear and some pre-emptive text shows up. I think this ruins the flow further by taking away the categories. 

7 What key interactions does the user have? Are they clear and usable?

You can't just click anywhere to close the search either, you have to close the "X" that appears. Not fun.

8 What did the site do well to allow the user to accomplish his goal effectively, efficiently and with good satisfaction?

Gave a basic familiar concept. 

9 What did the site do poorly when allowing the user to accomplish his goal effectively, efficiently and with good satisfaction?

This is just me nitpicking Twitter. I don't like some of the changes they've made.

2/21/2017